Qiu Wan will introduce it to you.
This is my cousin Liu Xin
These are all young geniuses from Nancheng
Everyone comes from a family of calligraphy and painting
Liu Shao, a few of us
today
But they all came for the paintings of Master Yun Mo
I don't know if I can wait and see
The words are in my hands
But you can only appreciate
Mr. Liu, what does this mean?
I've come this time to ask for this
No matter how much it costs
I'm so sorry.
This is my gift to Miss Qingyao
Let me introduce you to everyone
This is my girlfriend.
Send a kiss to Liu Xiong
I'm not your girlfriend
I don't need you to send me this painting
Since everyone wants it
Then play fair
Kiss Me
It seems that it is Liu Shao's wishful thinking
Since this Miss Song doesn't want it
Then let's bid on it.
Humph
This item was spent 10 million by my father to escape
Since we are all friends
Reserve price 8 million
The highest bidder gets
This is
Hmm ha
You say him
He is the landlord tonight
Come with Miss Zhongyao
Liu Shao, on this occasion today
Not all cats and dogs can participate
It's better for this kind of layman to leave early
This visitor is a guest
But why is this gentleman laughing?
Ahhh
My wife is giving birth and I can't help but smile
Hey, where did you get a wife?
You what?
Lying to him without a bunch of fools talking to 8 million in ambush
Just sell something that shouldn't be laughed at?
Then you don't want to make money yet?
Too bad he can't buy him.
Why is that?
The secret cannot be revealed